at this time of year polar bears on
average succeed only once in 20 hunts if
the hunter is skinny like this one that
may not be often enough
all she can do is keep trying
[Music]
to prevent her scent betraying her she
makes a wide sweep to get downwind of
the seal
getting tous
she's now right behind the seal
[Applause]
incredibly she caught the seals
underwater it's only small but even so
it's blubber alone will contain a
hundred thousand calories enough to
sustain the spare for a week
[Music]
and in that time she might even catch
another
[Music]
but this can't go on forever as summer
continues temperatures are rising each
hunt requires more energy draining the
Bears
of their reserves
[Music]
you